---
layout: post
title:  "NAB 2016 Day 1"
date:   2016-04-16 15:14:10 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---
NAB 2016 day 1
High Dynamic Range in Animation

The Panel consists of 2 people who worked on Zootopia and 3 people who worked on
Inside Out. One of the issues with HDR in Animation is that there are very few
devices that can actually display HDR imagery. The display that Pixar is using
is the Pulsar from Dolby, which is a $30,000 display. You can see where this presents an issue in a production company. Pixar only has 1 HDR display, and as
they were saying there might be some better creative decisions made if all
departments had a reference HDR display to use. They could see the changes right
there without exporting to the reference display.

Another part of their process was to export an HDR version and a version where they would stop down by 3 stops to see where the difference was and how
noticeable it would be.

HDR for the home is a difficult transition and currently there is no plan to
send it out anytime soon.


High Dynamic Range in Live Action and Visual effects
No real adjustment because VFX works natively with .exr files. VFX strives to
get the most raw data from on set.

Pipeline speed and efficiency is a huge factor into mastering to HDR and really
anything new introduced to the industry.HDR monitoring during the creating
process is important to get greater details. Especially when creating models
in the texturing process. Current process is checking in parallel for quality
check on a HDR display to make sure no values are not clipped.


HDR 4K 120fps in Laser 3D
The content that was shown cannot be spoken about, but we can talk about
the technical side of the experience. I have seen this type of 3D
projection before and I really like it. One of the best features about the
glasses is that you can tilt your head without distortion of the content.
The thing that popped the most for me was the human eyes. They looked so
real and it looked like you really could look into them and actually see
someone. I think the reason for this is because of the high dynamic range,
the specular in the eyes are no longer clipped and you can see all of the
different levels of the highlights present in the eyes. The colors are rich
and deep which really helps to bring out the eyes.

The first really noticeable feature when you watch content displayed like this
is the high frame rate. For slow moving objects it looks like any content shown
in high frame rate. It looks like a home video and that 'film' filter look is
not there. However for fast moving objects like explosions it looks amazing!
they look so lifelike and it really does give you a sense of actually being
there.
