---
layout: post
title: "NAB 2016 - Day 2"
date: 2016-04-17 15:08:28 -0400
categories:
---
# Next Generation mastering

OpenEXR was created for visual effects, but now they are being utilized by
cameras. This really allows for HDR content to be preserved and shown. Each
camera has different raw formats, so the .EXR is used to help standardize the
HDR content. The standard will really be useful for archival purposes because
different codecs may not be supported 50 years down the road.

Should older content be made into HDR? Does it look good? Would the original
artists want their content in HDR now?

Virtual Reality

World building is a huge part of the movie making process. This translates very
well into virtual reality.


Future of VR and Light Fields

Light fields 101

light fields outside of cameras
light fields inside of cameras
5D plenoptic function
light fields are holographic
cameras are single perspective-holograms are multiperspective
microlens array in camera-each cell is one perspective-holograms
doing raytracing you can refocus, tilting focus, split diopter, stereo 3D
removing selected rays, stop down in post, depth sensing
some problems
data
data
data
optics
locked out of the grade
visby-hiring........


otoy-light field rendering
challenges
-capture: light stage
-render: octane render
-stream: orbx
 octane render- really fast gpu renderer
 1 frame of rendering if the light field is rendered verses multiple frames
 being rendered. taking light stage capture and record motion then you can
 relight or change the angle etc.


 Lytro
 how the lytro cinema works
 microlens array- basically a compact camera array. each 'pixel' has a lens on
 it

 light field cinematography
 capture the normals, depth info

 in nuke studio you can edit
 files are in .exr

 volumetric flow, guage where the rays of light are going-allows you to change
 framerate
